If you don’t want to, bring me two designer clothes.
Isn’t this inviting Xiaojun?
Changfeng, buckle inspection, are you guys here to buy clothes too?
Yes? Are you too?
This thing has been around for many years.
I heard, are you talking about it?
Really? Fortunately, he chased me and didn’t agree.
Otherwise, I will become the Xianghua of all male Du people.
What, he won’t agree to this, his mother was run away,
He fell and moved in public,
Then you have to smile, will you follow him?
Really? If he hadn't looked a little handsome,
Still excited.
But I heard
Everyone promises a house to live in during the birthday
I even had the idea to really
It almost feels like your life has gone too far, right?
I'm lucky, I'm not lucky
come up
You're the only one who said it was bad to come here, right?
This is not making any money from selling electricity.
A piece of clothing costs tens of thousands. I have money.
It's no big deal to me that you have money
Life is going to suck
Hardly rich
you wouldn't think
Can you join this high-end shopping circle?
Are you already a rich man?
capable
Just follow me and buy some clothes today.